📝(project) add missing env var to env.md (#958)
suitenumerique/docs: docs/env.md

## impress-backend container

> These are the environment variables you can set to build the `impress-backend` container.

Reviewer: These one are not here to build the container but to change the settings at runtime. I apologize my comment was too general but the `to build` should be reverted

| DJANGO_CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS                     | CSRF trusted origins                                                                          | []                                                      |
| REDIS_URL                                       | cache url                                                                                     | redis://redis:6379/1                                    |
| CACHES_DEFAULT_TIMEOUT                          | cache default timeout                                                                         | 30                                                      |

## impress-frontend image

> These are the environmental variables you can set for the `impress-frontend` image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the environment variables you can set to build the `impress-frontend` image.
```

You can also change it at the top of this file
